Thirdparty ADRs 7-9 (#548)
supertokens/docs: v2/contribute/decisions/thirdparty/0008-initial-state-of-default-tenant-in-core.mdx

---
id: "0008"
title: Initial state of default tenant in core
hide_title: true
---

import DecisionHeader from "/src/components/decisionLogs/DecisionHeader"
import ArgumentPro from "/src/components/decisionLogs/ArgumentPro"
import ArgumentCon from "/src/components/decisionLogs/ArgumentCon"
import ArgumentNeut from "/src/components/decisionLogs/ArgumentNeut"

# Initial state of default tenant in core

<DecisionHeader status="proposed" lastUpdate="2022-10-25" created="2022-10-25" deciders={["rishabhpoddar", "porcellus"]} proposedBy={["porcellus"]} />

## Context and Problem Statement

> Since the recipe APIs query the core if the recipe is enabled in core,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the backend SDK's recipe APIs query to check the core about if the recipe is enabled for the input (or defaul) tenant,
```
